The first lecture in dissection is an introduction to Samuel link and how to get his start to lose it.
But before that you need to know what it's simulating simulating is a graphical programming environment
for modeling simulation and analyzing dynamical systems.
It was developed by math works company and it comes as a part of the MATLAB software Simeon link is
plucks environment which means it uses blocks connected to each other to perform certain functions
in order to open some link from matlab.
Select Samuel link library or in the command window you can type Samuel link then enter the symbol link
has two windows the first window.
It's a similar link library browser which contains several libraries each library contains blocks the
second window is the workspace window in which the symbol link Maldon is constructed.
The Samuel link libraries window contains different libraries in different areas in science and engineering.
For example for electrical engineering applications or library is like communications system tool box.
There are other libraries like aerospace neural network and so on.
There's also a similar link library which contains some libraries like commonly used libraries sinks
sources and so on.
Each library contains the different blocks.
Again each block has a certain function.
The similar link model is built by insert things of the from blocks and a model window.
The blocks are connected to each other and forms what we call a process model.
Now let's create our first model and the simple link we will build assemble a model of sine wave and
after building this model you will learn about some blocks like sine wave scoop gain mosque.
You will learn how to insert models into similar link model how to connect the different models and
how to simulate and see as a result.
The purpose of this model is to display that graph of a sine wave and compare it was another one with
a gain of three.
Now let's insert the sine wave block the sine wave block can be found in the sources library the sources
library contains a different signals which can be inputs for different systems.
Now let's drag and drop the sine wave block
if I double click the sine wave block a window which contains a block parameters will appear in this
line as you can see the sine wave equation was the different parameters as written o of T equals two
amplitude times sine of frequency times time plus phase plus pass and frequency here is in red.
Second if you scroll down you can assign some values to the parameters.
In this example I will leave that the hold values
now in order to display the simulated signal from the sine wave.
We need to sing some different types of sinks and we will look at them later on but for now I will drag
and drop the scoop sink the scoop sink is used to display the signal as a graph.
Now I will drag the arrow of the sine wave and connect it to the scoop the model is ready to be simulated
to run the model select run.
It takes sometimes for processing and the result will be ready in order to displays a graph double click
the scoop block.